Updates to existing text to correspond with new results (#15)
greenelab/mpmp-manuscript: content/03.methods.md

We initially applied the beta-mixture quantile normalization (BMIQ) method [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/bts680] to correct for variability in signal intensity between type I and type II probes, but we observed that this had no effect on our results.
We report uncorrected results in the main paper for simplicity.

### Comparing data modalities

We made three main comparisons in this study, listed in the results section: one between different sets of genes using only expression data, one comparing expression and DNA methylation data types, and one comparing all data types.

> This was mainly due to sample size limitations -- running a single comparison using all data types would force us to use only samples that are profiled for each data type, which would discard a large number of samples that are only profiled for one or a few data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was mainly due to sample size limitations -- running a single comparison using all data types would force us to use only samples that are profiled for every data type, which would discard a large number of samples that lack profiling on only one or a few data types.
```

When we dropped samples between experiments as progressively more data types were added, we observed that the dropped samples had approximately the same cancer type proportions as the dataset as a whole.
In other words, samples that were profiled for one data type but not another did not tend to come exclusively from one or a few cancer types.
Exceptions included acute myeloid leukemia (LAML) which had no samples profiled in the RPPA data, and ovarian cancer (OV) which had only 8 samples with 450K methylation data.
More detailed information on cancer type proportions profiled for each data type is provided in (the supplement).

For each target gene, in order to ensure that the training dataset was reasonably balanced (i.e. that there would be enough mutated samples to train an effective classifier), we included only cancer types with at least 15 mutated samples and at least 5% mutated samples, which we refer to here as "valid" cancer types.
After applying these filters, the number of valid cancer types remaining for each gene varied based on the set of samples used: more data types resulted in fewer shared samples, and fewer samples generally meant fewer valid cancer types.

> In some cases, this resulted in genes with no valid cancer types, which we dropped from the analysis under consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, this resulted in genes with no valid cancer types, which we dropped from the analysis.
```

> Out of the 127 genes from the original Vogelstein et al. 2013 gene set, for the analysis using {expression, mutation} data we retained 85 target genes, for the {expression, mutation, 27k methylation, 450k methylation} analysis we retained 84 genes, and for the analysis using all data types we retained 75 genes.

Reviewer: I'd ref Vogelstein again for ease of readers finding it if they decide here they want to :)
